docs/important-info.md, before:

## Important infomation regarding AWS services
### Cognito
#### Hard Limits
* Access token Id expiration time - *1Hr*
* Refresh token expiration time- can be configured between *1 day* to *10 years*.
* For more details
    * [cognito limits documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/limits.html)

##### Cognito is sending otp to email/mobile , that has expiry time of 24 hours.

### Lambda
#### Hard Limits
* Invocation payload - *6 MB*
* Max timeout - *15 minutes*
* Environment variables - *4 KB*
* Deployment Package Size - *50 MB* <sup><sub>(zipped)</sub></sup>
* For more details
    * [Lambda limits documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/limits.html) 

### API Gateway
#### Hard Limits
* Integration time out - *29 Sec*
* Payload Size - *10 MB*

### SNS
#### SMS is not supported in Mumbai(ap-south-1), Virginia(us-east-1) is supported on Jan 28 2020
##### Sender Id is must as trai (so they are sending as XX-NOTICE), To change it follow below procedure

Commit message:

docs: add info for cognito verifying phoneNo and Email case

docs/important-info.md, after:

## Important information regarding AWS services
### Cognito
#### Hard Limits
* Access token Id expiration time - *1Hr*
* Refresh token expiration time- can be configured between *1 day* to *10 years*.
* For more details
    * [cognito limits documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/limits.html)

##### Cognito is sending otp to email/mobile , that has expiry time of 24 hours.

### Lambda
#### Hard Limits
* Invocation payload - *6 MB*
* Max timeout - *15 minutes*
* Environment variables - *4 KB*
* Deployment Package Size - *50 MB* <sup><sub>(zipped)</sub></sup>
* For more details
    * [Lambda limits documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/limits.html) 

### API Gateway
#### Hard Limits
* Integration time out - *29 Sec*
* Payload Size - *10 MB*

### SNS
#### SMS is not supported in Mumbai(ap-south-1), Virginia(us-east-1) is supported on Jan 28 2020
##### Sender Id is must as TRAI (so they are sending as XX-NOTICE), To change it follow below procedure

## Cognito verification case
If a user signs up with both a phone number and an email address, and your user pool settings require verification of both attributes, a verification code is sent via SMS to the phone. 
The email address is not verified, so your app needs to call GetUser to see if an email address is awaiting verification. 
If it is, the app should call GetUserAttributeVerificationCode to initiate the email verification flow and then submit the verification code by calling VerifyUserAttribute.
