### FrameWork: *Serverless*
### Service: *Amazon Web Services (AWS)*

## Setup 
____
#### For setting up the development environment, please follow the provided steps. 

### Steps:
* Clone the repository.
* change your working  directory
    >   `cd <PROJECT_NAME>/app`
* install aws-cli globally using npm/apt/python packages (#Optional) 
    #### apt package (recommended for Ubuntu)
    > `sudo apt-get install awscli` 

    #### Use python package
    **Pre-requirements**
    *  Python should be installed on your system
    *  Pip should be installed.
        > `pip install awscli `
    *   if you have Python version 3+ installed, recommended
        > `pip3 install awscli `

    #### Executable file [only for windows(recommended)]:
    Download the executable file from [official download page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-windows.html) and execute file to install Aws-cli.
    ##### Note: you may need to add path of the installed program to the environment variable 
    
* install all the dependencies by installing node_modules and dependent packages
    > `npm install`
* install serverless globally
    > `npm install serverless -g`
* Now configure the aws account to which resources need to be deployed
    ### Pre-conditions
    -   You should have an active aws account.
    -   You have access key and secret key that are generated by using IAM service.
    ### Steps:
    Configure using one of the following options.
    1. Using aws cli 
        >   `aws configure [--profile <PROFILE_NAME>]` 
        ##### for default profile, no need to mention profile name. If in case you have more than accesskey then use profile
        Please provide the valid inputs
        1. access key 
        2. secret key
        3. region (by default-> `us-east-2`) Choose-> `ap-south-1` for `Mumbai,India`
        4. type-> json
    2. Using serverless
        > `serverless config credentials --provider aws --accesskey <ACCESS_KEY> --secretkey <SECRET_KEY>`
        ##### NOTE: sls -> alias of serverless
        You can use any of the "serverless" or "sls" while using command
        
*   To create a new project in nodejs for provider AWS 
    > `sls create --template aws-nodejs --name <projectName>` 

    ##### Note: In order to use existing project, skip this step

____

## Development Process
*   For invoking lambda function
    *   In AWS server
        > `sls invoke -f <functionName>`
    *   In local environment
        > `sls invoke local -f <functionName>`
    *   To provide event(input Data for the function)
        > `sls invoke -f [functionName] --data <EVENT>`
    *   Syntax for using file as an event for lambda function
        > `sls invoke -f [functionName] --path <FILE_PATH>`

        e.g 
        > `serverless invoke local  -f user_list --path src/user/event.json`

        ##### Note: FilePath is relative to the serverless.yml file

* To deploy
    *   To deploy whole package
        > `sls deploy`
    *   To deploy only function
        > `sls deploy function -f <functionName> [--stage <STAGE_NAME>]`
        ##### NOTE: It deploys only the functions i.e. changes made in the serverless.yml file will not reflect. 

* To test API gateway locally
    *   Install serverless plugin (serverless-offline)
        1.  Using npm 
            > `npm install serverless-offline --save-dev`
            ###### Installing serverless-offline as dev dependency
        2.  Using serverless*
            > `serverless plugin install serverless-offline`
    *   Include the plugin into project

        ##### Write the following line in the same indentation as `service: <SERVICE_NAME>` line
            
        ```yaml
        plugins:
            -  serverless-offline
        ```
    *   Run your API locally
        > `sls offline [--stage <stage>]`

    *   For interacting with APIs
        * postman
          * Download [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/downloads/) and make request
        * curl
           > `curl -X <METHOD_NAME> -d <REQUEST_BODY> -H <HEADER> <ENDPOINT>`
        
#### NOTE: profile name can be mentioned in serverless command by option (aws-profile) 
> `sls deploy [--aws-profile <PROFILE_NAME>]`

# PLUGINS

##  TypeScript in AWS Lambda
* To use typescript in place of default javascript, follow these steps.
    * Install serverless plugin to create and support offline invocation of functions defined in ts
        > `npm i -D serverless-plugin-typescript typescript`
    * Install types for node and aws-lambda
        > `npm i -D @types/node  @types/aws-lambda`
        
    * Now create typescript configuration
        > `tsc --init`  
      * It will create `tsconfig.json` file in the root directory
        ##### Note: Don't modify outDir and baseDir property in tsconfig.json, else above plugin may not work properly.

## Split(nested) Stacks
* Serverless stacks cannot occupy more than 200 resources, so there is a workaround by having nested stacks. We can have upto 200 nested stacks, each having capacity of 200 resources. Here, we are using `serverless-plugin-split-stacks` to do the same.
    * Install the serveless plugin and add this plugin in `serverless.yml` file
        > `npm i -D serverless-plugin-split-stacks`
    * Add custom Variable in `serverless.yml` file
        ```yaml
        splitStacks:
            perFunction: false # stack for each lambda function
            perType: true # stack for each type like logs, permissions,lambda function 
        ```

## Schedule lambda function locally
* Serverless lambda function can be scheduled with using rate or cron command. Rate of execution does not support less than 1 min. 
    * Install plugin 
        > ` npm i serverless-offline-scheduler -D`
    * Add `serverless-offline-scheduler` into plugins array in serverless.yml
    * Use either command to schedule:
       1. Using serverless offline
            > `serverless offline start`
            ##### Note: 'start' keyword is necessary, otherwise offline server will start but without scheduling functions. (:bug: serverless-offline-scheduler@0.4.0)
       2. Using schedule method
            > `serverless schedule`

## Maintain Stage related secrets
* To maintain secrets and share encryted variable without any fear of revealing it in repo. 
  * Install plugin and add the plugin into plugins array
    > `npm i -D serverless-secrets-plugin`
  * To encrypt the file to encrypted file
    > `serverless encrypt --stage|-s STAGE --password|-p PASSWORD`
  * To decrypt the secret file
    > `serverless decrypt --stage|-s STAGE --password|-p PASSWORD`
  * (Optional) To change the filepath of secrets, add custom Variable in `serverless.yml` file
    ```yaml
    secretsFilePathPrefix: filePath
    ```
##### Note: This method is better than no-encryption, but not recommended. AWS recommends to use AWS-KMS instead of environment variables.